init: Fsharp compiling support (#1391)
stryker-mutator/stryker-net: docs/technical-reference/fsharp/Classes.md

---
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/stryker-mutator/stryker-net/edit/master/docs/technical-reference/fsharp/Classes.md
---

The Following Classes need extra context to explain the current workings.
Not every feature of C# has been ported to F#.

### FsharpProjectComponentsBuilder

The current ProjectComponentsBuilder for F# does **not** have support for the following:
   * mutanthelpers injection
   * auto generated code detection

The ```FindProjectFilesScanningProjectFolders``` method (the backup for if buildalyzer doesn't work) has not been tested.
This was done because the ```FindProjectFilesScanningProjectFolders``` has been [deprecated] so any development would be a waste.

---

### FsharpCoreOrchestrator

> The Orchestrators work in a similar fassion to those in the CsharpMutantOrchestrator.

Reviewer: The Orchestrator works

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Orchestrators works in a similar fashion to those in the CsharpMutantOrchestrator.
```
